We start the analysis by predicting the type of codec which the played video is encoded with. Predicting codec is a harder task than predicting the video player software. This can be explained such that because the task of decoding a video does not differ much from one codec to another. Whereas, each video player has unique implementations and it is easier to determine the type of player using the interrupts they cause. Consequently, the accuracy of our model is relatively lower across experiments when predicting the codec, compared to the player type.

Analysis shows that media players, web browsers, and operating systems have different effects on accuracy. The operating system has little effect on the accuracy of the model. Windows 10, Linux 5, and macOS 13 had 40.05% (+/- 1.49), 46.01% (+/- 1.04), and 43.01% (+/- 1.32) Top-1 accuracy scores, respectively. Also, the low variance reassures that Random Forest Classifier is not overfitting and the accuracies are reliable.

However, the type of web browser on which the malicious website is opened does affect the results. It is observed that Firefox decreases the model's accuracy to 29% (+/- 1.73) while others have higher scores. Chrome and Safari perform similarly with accuracy scores of 51.34% (+/- 2.02) and 54.33% (+/- 2.97). Interestingly, Edge had a lower accuracy result, 41.0 (+/- 2.41). Although Edge and Chrome share the same browser engine, Chromium, we believe that the developers of Edge browser made changes that mitigate interrupt-based side-channel attacks. Moreover, we can see that Firefox also takes precautions to refrain from those attacks and they seem to be successful. We believe that this is due to the resolution of the DOMHighResTimestamp object. Firefox has 2 milliseconds resolution whereas Chrome has a 1-millisecond resolution. This affects the number of iterations of the attacker loop, thus resulting in more precise fingerprinting. While other browsers do not disclose the resolution of those timestamps, we know that each has different implementations of this standard.

The type of player affects the results as well. VLC (54.36% +/- 1.94) is observed to help the predictions more than MPV (40.25% +/- 0.91) and MPLAYER (41.62% +/- 2.21). While this phenomenon can be seen across different experiments, when the browser is Chrome and the platform is Windows 10, it does not exist. When predicting the codec using MPV and MPLAYER, the model was as successful as it was with VLC. Although we do not have a clear explanation for this behavior, analysis suggests that Chrome's Windows implementation is performant at creating fingerprints.
